feat(bruteforce): Document the new BruteForceProtection attribute (#9742)
nextcloud/documentation: developer_manual/basics/controllers.rst

The native brute-force protection will slow down requests if too many violations have been found. This slow down will be applied to all requests against a brute-force protected controller with the same action from the affected IP.

To enable brute force protection the following *Attribute* can be added to the controller:

* ``#[BruteForceProtection(action: 'string')]``: "string" is the name of the action. Such as "login" or "reset". Brute-force attempts are on a per-action basis; this means if a violation for the "login" action is triggered, other actions such as "reset" or "foobar" are not affected.

.. note::

    The attribute is only available in Nextcloud 27 or later. In older versions the ``@BruteForceProtection(action=string)`` annotation can be used, but that does not allow multiple assignments to a single controller method.

> Then the **throttle()** method has to be called on the response in case of a violation. Doing so will increase the throttle counter and make following requests slower, until a slowness of roughly 30 seconds is reached and the controller returns a ``429 Too Many Requests`` status is returned instead of avoid further requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then the **throttle()** method has to be called on the response in case of a violation. Doing so will increase the throttle counter and make following requests slower, until a slowness of roughly 30 seconds is reached and the controller returns a ``429 Too Many Requests`` status to avoid further requests.
```
Not sure my fix is the right one but the sentence is definitely broken

Author: Replacing with:
```suggestion
Then the **throttle()** method has to be called on the response in case of a violation. Doing so will increase the throttle counter and make following requests slower, until a slowness of roughly 30 seconds is reached and the controller returns a ``429 Too Many Requests`` status without further processing the request.
```

I guess that makes the most sense :)
